Kin.
What are you doing here?
You're soaked. You'll get sick.
I just finished basketball practice.
I went back,
knowing you had no umbrella.
I'm worried about you.
Just wait for the rain to stop
or borrow from someone.
I don't want to wait long.
I missed you.
Have you eaten anything yet?
Not yet. Go get something to eat?
Let's go.
Okay.
- Kin
- What?
If I ask you to be my boyfriend now,
is that too childish?
Why do you ask that?
I'm afraid you'll find someone else
before I grow up
Then grow up fast.
All right, I'll grow up fast.
Grow up to catch up to you.
Grow up and pass you.
I'll wait.
Promise you'll wait until I grow up.
Than.
If I squeeze the toothpaste
every day like this,
will you be my boyfriend?
Asking again? Why so often?
You never give me an answer.
Then letting you move in,
what do you call that?
A high school junior
staying with a senior temporarily.
Up to you if you want to
think it's only that.
Then tell me what we are.
I want to hear it from you now.
Then listen carefully.
Boyfriends.
See? You said it.
So now I'm your boyfriend.
You heard it. That's how it is.
My boyfriend, my boyfriend.
We're a couple now.
Can we do it then?
Go get your ID first.
Why?
How old are you this year?
Wait until 18.
I don't want to go to jail.
I'm even willing to lose
my innocence to you.
- Naughty.
- You don't want to?
Go brush your teeth.
Don't you have an exam tomorrow?
Sleep early or you'll be late.
Brush your teeth.
Pond, did you come alone?
It's probably my phone
and Mr. Don's are close
I'm tired of being hidden.
Please go back.
The one right for you isn't me.
Your room has no family photos?
Usually there are photos of
parents and kids on the wall
or on a desk or something.
Do you like Uncle Than?
Good night, Marwin.
Good night.
Mr. Don had an accident.
I'm going to the scene.
Where is it?
Is he badly hurt?
Not far from me. I'll hurry there.
Is there a power outage in you room,
Kin? Marwin?
I'd like to leave Marwin
in your room for a bit.
Mr. Don just had an accident nearby.
People from my office
are heading there.
Okay. Please keep me updated.
Hope him all right.
Thank you.
Stay in my room tonight, Marwin.
You're very late.
What happened to your face?
Pond, Mr. Don had an accident.
Please come quickly.
We had to part
when I wasn’t ready to say goodbye
The pain was burning deep inside
Only now I start to see
What it really means,
living life without you next to me
I know the reason
you had to walk away
It broke your heart in every way
What you went through
hurt you just the same
Even if we had to say goodbye
I still believe we truly tried
I never regretted
the love we gave away
Never a single regret,
not even one day
Every moment we had
still softly stays
Just missing our last goodbye
we never had to say
Though our time together
was so brief
It was enough to know
what love truly is, I believe
I came to understand,
all because of you
Even if we had to say goodbye
Love each other
but create no bonds of love.
And let love be like a moving sea
between your two souls.
I'll leave the key card here.
You can come back anytime.
But please come back.
The one right for you isn't me.
I wish I could have held you tight
Just one last time before goodbye
Before we’d never meet again/i>
Are you okay?
Life is shorter than we think, Than.
That's true.
I never knew
Pond and Mr. Don were together.
Kin.
Don't let "if" or "but" or "wait"
block our way.
When I love someone,
I say I love them.
When I find the right one,
I hold his hand as tight as I can.
I don't know which day
I'll get to say it,
to act, or to love again.
I don't need perfect love.
It doesn't have to be
right in every way.
Let's make love simple,
like the first day we met.
You think love doesn't have to be
right in every way?
What about the mistakes from the past?
What are they?
You never told me.
You never gave me
a chance to explain or fix it.
Don't let the past lock us in
for our whole lives.
I don't want to waste time waiting
for the day we understand.
If the past makes you hesitate,
let's forget it.
And let's try loving again
without looking back, can we?
Give our two hearts another chance.
That's all for the client's feedback.
From now on, Mr. Thawat will take over
Mr. Don's projects.
I'd like to thank everyone very much.
Thank you, Mind.
Has anyone talked to Pond
after the funeral?
I'll try calling him.
I texted him.
He read it but didn't reply.
Yes?
Please thank everyone for me.
I'll come in next week.
Cameraman, today I had to pay
the price you asked.
Which is very expensive.
Though I laughed at our small victory,
inside I was amazed.
You didn't just set your price,
you told the world
you value yourself.
And I should agree.
When I got home, I had to
throw away a bottle of perfume
because of that same cameraman.
It was a rude critique,
but the most honest one.
Too honest for the society I live in.
It made me start to think
my world should have you in it.
I once thought what we had
was only temporary.
But every time our bodies touched,
became part of each other,
it made me feel it was my true self.
A soul I never knew before.
Because I did it without knowing.
You became part of my life.
We seem completely mismatched,
but you are the one
who lets me be myself most
when we are together.
I'm sorry
for fearing our relationship
would change how the world sees me.
Sorry for making you
seem meaningless.
Sorry for loving you
but not daring to say it aloud.
My guilt for hiding you from the world
makes you feel
you have no value in my world.
You are sincerity
when I was still pretending.
You are courage
when I was still a coward.
You are the home I never knew
I was searching for.
If I still have a chance,
I won't make love a secret again.
Can you come back?
I don't ask for a perfect world,
only a world with you in it.
Now I know how terrible this world is without you.
Please come back, my cameraman.
Every moment we had
still softly stays
Just missing our last goodbye
we never had to say
I wish I could have held you tight
Just one last time before goodbye
Before we’d never meet again
I never regretted
the love we gave away
Never a single regret,
not even one day
Every moment we had
still softly stays
Just missing our last goodbye
we never had to say
How about we row to
build some energy?
Indy, this is not the mood.
Yes, bro.
What is the paper for, AJ?
I have a task for you all.
If the last minute of
your life arrived,
who would you say "I love you" to?
Try writing it down.
And what would you do for them?
Then what next?
Try reading it.
What do you want to do
and say to the one you love
before they leave this world?
Why don't we do it
before the last minute comes?
I think saying "I love you"
isn't that hard.
I love Too.
I love Kin.
I love Indy.
And I love Fai too.
Thank you so much, AJ.
Don't let the last minute come
without a chance to tell
those we love.
(Visit my parents)
(Love Than again)
I'll keep our last minutes
together in this room.
I'm glad that once in my life
I met someone like you,
shared my life with you.
Though our time together was so short,
every minute will stay in my heart
forever.
No matter where you are now,
please know that
I will never forget that
once we loved.
Even if we had to say goodbye
I still believe we truly tried
See you again.
My important client.
I never regretted
the love we gave away
Never a single regret,
not even one day
I'm not late, right?
Almost.
What were you doing?
You're drenched in sweat.
That's right,
working out so early, AJ?
Gotta make it worth it.
Worth what?
Nut said the gym will close soon.
Not many users, profits too low.
So they'll merge with
the Sukhumvit branch.
Then let's finish
Mr. Thawat's project summary first.
As for Nut and Than,
we'll see how we can help them.
Okay.
Then get ready to present.
Why don't you tell me?
Wow, who are you going to war with?
We're here to do something fun.
Are you all ready?
Yes.
You are joining too?
Of course.
A model my age can still do it.
I'm still fit too.
Marwin will help too.
Me too.
Don't forget,
I'm a professional model.
Than, if something's wrong,
why not tell us?
We're always ready to help.
Pond.
How could this job go
without the top photographer?
Thank you, bro.
Thank you, everyone.
It's nothing, Than.
This is our specialty.
Don't forget we are...
Beyond Perfect House of Perfection.
With today's big campaign,
New Start, New Strength.
A new start, strong together.
- Ready?
- No.
What? Are you ready?
Yes.
Are you ready?
- Are you ready?
- Yes.
If you're ready, let's go!
Let's go.
Smile, okay.
One, two, three.
You turn this way.
- Pretend to laugh.
- Yes.
Punch out. To the camera.
Yes, hold it.
One, two, three.
Okay.
I'll tell you how to pose.
- I'll kick.
- That's good.
Kick, one, two, three.
Good, beautiful.
Hold the dumbbell
with your left hand, yes.
You can smile.
Put you hand here. Another here.
Perfect, bro.
Bigger would be better.
That's very big.
Okay, one, two, three.
Okay, good.
Than, stand next to Kin.
One, two, three. Three, two, one.
Okay.
- This one is cute.
- Stay still.
Be fresh. Pretend to talk to him.
One, two...
Last one, two poses. One, two, three.
Yes, that's perfect.
I must thank Too, Akin,
and the entire Beyond Perfect team.
Thank you.
And thanks to all
our VIP models as well.
No problem, Nut.
We're all family here.
It's nothing.
I'm always your supporter.
Getting to do something fun
like this once in a while
gives us more energy too.
Everyone worked hard all day.
May I treat everyone
to dinner as thanks?
Sure.
Of course it has to be like that.
We all worked for free today,
not a single fee.
AJ.
Of course, Nut. We'd be happy.
- AJ.
- Yes.
Book a table and order the food.
Seafood nearby. Close and good.
Okay.
I think I left my shoes
in the changing room.
I'll go get them first.
You go to the restaurant first.
I'll wait for Kin and follow you.
- Okay.
- Okay, let's go.
- Let's go.
- Let's eat shrimp today.
- Nene, want crab fried rice?
- I want deep-fried seafood.
I'll chew it till it's smooth.
Did you find them?
I did.
Thank you.
You always helped me before,
stayed by my side.
Thank you again, Kin.
I'll help however I can.
If I can do something, I will.
Then can you help me
with one more thing?
What is it?
Let's start over again,
like we used to, Kin.
Before we start again,
are you ready to face
what you left in the past?
I don't know what you mean,
but I'm ready
if it lets us love each other again,
If you're ready,
tomorrow,
we'll face what made us
go separate ways,
what you once did,
the wound still in our hearts today.
Okay.
No matter what we face,
please don't let go of
my hand again.
Mom.
How was it?
I heard you had a shoot yesterday.
Yes, it was very fun.
Why do you have so many things?
Dad lets me stay for two nights.
So I brought toys and storybooks.
Then let's put your things
in the room first.
Take a shower
and change your clothes too.
Okay.
- Kla, take him, please.
- Yes.
Okay.
Let's go, Marwin.
Akin, come sit first.
I have a new snack for you to try.
Meya.
I'm sorry for breaking my promise.
But I want you to meet someone.
Who is it?
Hello.
Meya is Marwin's mother.
I see.
Nice to meet you.
You two should remember each other.
Where have we met before?
I'm not sure either.
Meya, you don't remember Than?
Who is he?
You...
You really don't remember each other?
I think I've never met
Marwin's mother.
Me neither,
I don't think I've met him.
Then...
It was Meya.
- Well...
- Calling to say I was pregnant.
Pregnant?
- We met at...
- This is not my phone.
He can't take the call now.
Please tell him to call me back
at this number.
I will.
But it wasn't him, Akin.
That day you called Than's phone.
I saved the number
from when he called...
Hello.
Do you remember me?
We met at Fashion Week.
Um, who is this?
A secret person.
I don't even know your name yet.
I only call you the photographer.
Can I be your secret person?
Besides a secret person,
you belong to someone, right?
I’m about to break up with her.
I can clear it.
See? I’m single now.
See?
Did you miss me,
that’s why you called
my secret person?
I told you that I’d go back
and sort things out…
My girlfriend is pregnant.
What happened between us that night...
I already knew you had a girlfriend.
What happened between us that night
was just for fun.
You said about clearing things up
and coming back…
Do you really think I’d believe you?
But I’m serious. I really like you.
Take responsibility for what you did.
With me,
it was just a one-night stand.
Fun with no strings attached.
I…
I have to go now.
I have another shoot.
We can talk later.
I probably won’t contact you again.
That’s fine. I understand.
Good luck, my secret person.
When I found out I was pregnant,
I thought simply that
I’d end the problem.
I wanted to call him first
before deciding.
So I did.
Then how did it become Than’s number?
I’ve never called you, Meya.
Wait a moment.
Is this your number, Than?
Yes. I’ve used this number all along.
I never changed it.
Ssecret person…
Where did you meet him, Meya?
We met at a photo shoot.
He was the photographer’s assistant.
Is it this person?
Yes.
Sun.
Sun?
Dad, Mom, have you seen my phone?
Where did you put it?
Somewhere around here.
Again?
Oh, isn’t that it?
That one, oh dear.
This is Sun's.
Then think carefully
where you left yours.
Should I call it?
Bro.
Why did you take my phone?
Sorry, I thought it was mine.
Must be the hundredth time.
I told you to change the case.
And the lock screen is me and Kin.
Sorry. I was in a hurry.
Dad, Mom, I have something to confess.
Confess? What is it?
It’s Narin, my girlfriend…
She’s pregnant.
So that means…
Mawin is Sun's son.
My nephew.
No, Mawin is my child.
Excuse me.
Wait, Meya.
That’s enough, Akin.
Stop using Mawin to
replace the one you love.
Now you know it’s not
what you thought.
Mawin is no use to you anymore.
I think it’s best he comes back
to having only his mother.
He doesn’t need
a father or any relatives.
If he did, he should have
had them from birth.
Thank you for taking care of
my son for a while.
Thank you so much.
Say goodbye to your uncles.
You’re leaving?
Goodbye, Uncle Kin.
Goodbye, Uncle Than.
Wait, Meya.
Meya.
I’m sorry that I…
It’s okay.
Everything is clear now.
- If only I had…
- It’s fine.
It’s in the past.
We can’t change it now.
It’s the future where we can
make things better.
Meya said I used Mawin
as your replacement…
that I didn’t want to help her...
- I just…
- That’s her own thought.
You know why you did what you did.
Taking responsibility for
a child isn’t easy.
I know it. You too.
I’ll find a chance to
talk to Meya myself.
Mawin still has his father’s family.
Grandpa, grandma, me,
and a sister like Nene.
I hope Meya understands.
But do you understand me now?
Is there anything else I must clear up?
Why didn’t you ask me
directly back then?
Why didn’t you tell me?
What should I even scold you with?
You’re a pure buffalo,
no cow mixed in at all.
So that means you two want me to…
Break up.
Listen to me. Stop being stupid.
Stop being a buffalo.
Open your eyes.
No matter how many chances you give,
he's always the same.
You can’t change him.
And believe me, you’ll never get
the truth from him.
It’s a mess. A total mess.
I must look terrible
in your friends’ eyes.
It’s my fault for believing them.
I let their words
erase the good relationship
we had together.
It’s okay. I understand.
They just wanted to protect you
in their own way.
They care about you and love you.
But the one who should have
protected you back then was me.
I know you better than anyone.
It’s okay.
As long as now you’re with me
and understand me, that’s enough.
I’m sorry again, Than.
I don’t know what will
happen from now on.
But right now,
I want a chance from you.
Let’s start again with the same hearts
that once belonged to the two of us.
Start again… how should we start?
Start like this.
You’re not going
anywhere again, right?
I promise, Than,
that I’ll never walk out of
your life again.
Why are you angry at
Uncle Kin and Uncle Than?
Do you still want to see your father?
This isn’t the time to hide
any more truth, Than.
What is the status between you two?
Someone wants to meet you.
Who is that?
We have to move out of here
by the end of this month.
Try looking at the project
Mr. Don worked on.
Then you’ll understand
why people in the industry regret
that he’s gone.